Proposal 2 for 2.4.2 Page Titled (#633)
w3c/wcag2ict: comments-by-guideline-and-success-criterion.md

> ###### Applying SC 2.4.2 Page Titled to Non-Web Documents and Software

Author: Per TF resolution on 15 May to use headings to distinguish between non-web document and non-web software guidance.
```suggestion
###### Applying SC 2.4.2 Page Titled to Non-Web Documents
```

> (for non-web documents)

Author: Remove parenthetic statements
```suggestion
```

This applies directly as written, and as described in [Intent from Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/page-titled#intent) replacing "Page" with "Non-web document" and “Web pages” with “non-web documents”.

With this substitution, it would read:

**2.4.2 <INS>[Non-Web Document]</INS> Titled:** <INS>**[[Non-web documents](#document)]**</INS> have titles that describe topic or purpose.
<div class="note wcag2ict">
    
As described in the WCAG intent, the name of a [non-web document](#document) (e.g. document, media file, etc.) is a sufficient title if it describes the topic or purpose.</div>

> 

Author: Add heading for non-web software
```suggestion

###### Applying SC 2.4.2 Page Titled to Non-Web Software
```

> (for non-web software)

Author: Remove parenthetic statement
```suggestion
```

> This does not apply directly to non-web software through simple word substitution because application titles rarely describe the topic or purpose of the software. However, where the platform supports a programmatic title or name for a software window or screen, when a software application utilizes that feature to provide a unique title or name for each window or screen, the user can more easily find it or understand its purpose. This would address the user needs identified in the [Intent from Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/page-titled#intent). The following criterion is recommended as a substitute for the WCAG language:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cannot apply directly to non-web software through simple word substitution because application titles rarely describe the topic or purpose of the software. However, where the platform supports a programmatic title or name for a software window or screen, when a software application utilizes that feature to provide a unique title or name for each window or screen, the user can more easily find it or understand its purpose. This would address the user needs identified in the [Intent from Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/page-titled#intent). The following criterion is recommended as a substitute for the WCAG language:
```

I am uncomfortable with this strong statement here and would advocate for softer language. For tarionale, see #639.

Author: Pre the TF Resolution on 22 May, the language we'll use instead of "This cannot apply" is "This success criterion is problematic to apply..."
```suggestion
This success criterion is problematic to apply directly to non-web software through simple word substitution because application titles rarely describe the topic or purpose of the software. However, where the platform supports a programmatic title or name for a software window or screen, when a software application utilizes that feature to provide a unique title or name for each window or screen, the user can more easily find it or understand its purpose. This would address the user needs identified in the [Intent from Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.2](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/page-titled#intent). The following criterion is recommended as a substitute for the WCAG language:
```
